The Love Boat soon will be making another run. The Love Boat promises something for everyone. So get a witch's shawl on a broomstick you can crawl on. Were gonna pay a call on the Addams Family. Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale a tale of a fateful trip that started from this tropic port aboard this tiny ship. Here's the story of a man named Brady who was busy with three boys of his own. Knight Rider: A shadowy flight into the dangerous world of a man who does not exist. Didn't need no welfare states. Everybody pulled his weight. Gee our old Lasalle ran great. Those were the days. Fish don't fry in the kitchen and beans don't burn on the grill. Took a whole lotta tryin' just to get up that hill. Goodbye gray sky hello blue. There's nothing can hold me when I hold you. Feels so right it cant be wrong. Rockin' and rollin' all week long. Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family.

Why do we always come here? I guess well never know. Its like a kind of torture to have to watch the show. On the most sensational inspirational celebrational Muppetational… This is what we call the Muppet Show.

In a freak mishap Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William Buck Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support systems and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five-hundred years later? Sunny Days sweepin' the clouds away. On my way to where the air is sweet. Can you tell me how to get how to get to Sesame Street. And if you threw a party - invited everyone you knew. You would see the biggest gift would be from me and the card attached would say thank you for being a friend. Well we're movin' on up to the east side. To a deluxe apartment in the sky. Today still wanted by the government they survive as soldiers of fortune? These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby. So lets make the most of this beautiful day. Since we're together The ship set ground on the shore of this uncharted desert isle with Gilligan the Skipper too the millionaire and his wife.

Wouldn't you like to get away? Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name. And they're always glad you came. In a freak mishap Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William Buck Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support systems and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five-hundred years later. Fleeing from the Cylon tyranny the last Battlestar – Galactica - leads a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest - a shining planet known as Earth. So this is the tale of our castaways they're here for a long long time. They'll have to make the best of things its an uphill climb. Come and listen to a story about a man named Jed - a poor mountaineer barely kept his family fed?" Michael Knight a young loner on a crusade to champion the cause of the innocent. The helpless. The powerless in a world of criminals who operate above the law. But they got diff'rent strokes. It takes diff'rent strokes - it takes diff'rent strokes to move the world.

Just two good ol' boys Wouldn't change if they could. Fightin' the system like a true modern day Robin Hood. Fish don't fry in the kitchen and beans don't burn on the grill. Took a whole lotta tryin' just to get up that hill. Got kind of tired packin' and unpackin' - town to town and up and down the dial.