He seemed about to give up all hope, when he espied, anchored at the Battery, a cable's length off at most, a trading vessel, with a screw, well-shaped, whose funnel, puffing a cloud of smoke, indicated that she was getting ready for departure. Phileas Fogg hailed a boat, got into it, and soon found himself on board the Henrietta, iron-hulled, wood-built above.  He ascended to the deck, and asked for the captain, who forthwith presented himself.  He was a man of fifty, a sort of sea-wolf, with big eyes, a complexion of oxidised copper, red hair and thick neck, and a growling voice. "The captain?" asked Mr. Fogg. "I am the captain." "I am Phileas Fogg, of London." "And I am Andrew Speedy, of Cardiff." "You are going to put to sea?" "In an hour." "You are bound for&mdash;" "Bordeaux." "And your cargo?" "No freight.  Going in ballast." "Have you any passengers?" "No passengers.  Never have passengers.  Too much in the way." "Is your vessel a swift one?" "Between eleven and twelve knots.  The Henrietta, well known." "Will you carry me and three other persons to Liverpool?" "To Liverpool?  Why not to China?" "I said Liverpool." "No!" "No?" "No.  I am setting out for Bordeaux, and shall go to Bordeaux." "Money is no object?" "None." The captain spoke in a tone which did not admit of a reply. "But the owners of the Henrietta&mdash;" resumed Phileas Fogg. "The owners are myself," replied the captain.  "The vessel belongs to me." "I will freight it for you." "No." "I will buy it of you." "No." Phileas Fogg did not betray the least disappointment; but the situation was a grave one.  It was not at New York as at Hong Kong, nor with the captain of the Henrietta as with the captain of the Tankadere.  Up to this time money had smoothed away every obstacle.  Now money failed. Still, some means must be found to cross the Atlantic on a boat, unless by balloon&mdash;which would have been venturesome, besides not being capable of being put in practice.  It seemed that Phileas Fogg had an idea, for he said to the captain, "Well, will you carry me to Bordeaux?" "No, not if you paid me two hundred dollars." "I offer you two thousand." "Apiece?" "Apiece." "And there are four of you?" "Four." Captain Speedy began to scratch his head.  There were eight thousand dollars to gain, without changing his route; for which it was well worth conquering the repugnance he had for all kinds of passengers. Besides, passenger's at two thousand dollars are no longer passengers, but valuable merchandise.  "I start at nine o'clock," said Captain Speedy, simply.  "Are you and your party ready?" "We will be on board at nine o'clock," replied, no less simply, Mr. Fogg. It was half-past eight.  To disembark from the Henrietta, jump into a hack, hurry to the St. Nicholas, and return with Aouda, Passepartout, and even the inseparable Fix was the work of a brief time, and was performed by Mr. Fogg with the coolness which never abandoned him. They were on board when the Henrietta made ready to weigh anchor. When Passepartout heard what this last voyage was going to cost, he uttered a prolonged "Oh!" which extended throughout his vocal gamut. As for Fix, he said to himself that the Bank of England would certainly not come out of this affair well indemnified.  When they reached England, even if Mr. Fogg did not throw some handfuls of bank-bills into the sea, more than seven thousand pounds would have been spent! An hour after, the Henrietta passed the lighthouse which marks the entrance of the Hudson, turned the point of Sandy Hook, and put to sea. During the day she skirted Long Island, passed Fire Island, and directed her course rapidly eastward. At noon the next day, a man mounted the bridge to ascertain the vessel's position.  It might be thought that this was Captain Speedy. Not the least in the world.  It was Phileas Fogg, Esquire.  As for Captain Speedy, he was shut up in his cabin under lock and key, and was uttering loud cries, which signified an anger at once pardonable and excessive. What had happened was very simple.  Phileas Fogg wished to go to Liverpool, but the captain would not carry him there.  Then Phileas